add a hint about the disabling completion descriptions to document (#1901)
spf13/cobra: shell_completions.md

Note that without declaring `rc` as an alias, the completion algorithm would not know to show the list of
replication controllers following `rc`.

> #### Disable completion descriptions

Reviewer: Could you move this new section under the existing "Descriptions for completions" section?

> If you don't want to show descriptions in the completion, you can add `--no-descriptions` to disable it, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to show descriptions in the completions, you can add `--no-descriptions` to the default `completion` command to disable them, like:
```
